docs: Add status section for subnet and securityGroups (#3365)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/concepts/node-templates.md

  metadataOptions: { ... }       # optional, configures IMDS for the instance
  blockDeviceMappings: [ ... ]   # optional, configures storage devices for the instance
  detailedMonitoring: "..."      # optional, configures detailed monitoring for the instance
status:

>   subnets: { ... }               # optional, resolved subnet
>   securityGroups: { ... }        # optional, resolved security groups

Reviewer: Since the user should never specify these, I don't think we need the optional/required. 

```suggestion
  subnets: { ... }               # resolved subnet
  securityGroups: { ... }        # resolved security groups
```

    --BOUNDARY--
```

> ## status.subnet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## status.subnets
```

> The status will contain the resolved subnets. The `id` and `zone` are the Subnet ID and Availability Zone respectively. The list is sorted by the on Available IP Address Count in decreasing order.  The `status.subnet` contains resolved Subnet selector values utilized for node launch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`status.subnets` contains the `id` and `zone` of the subnets utilized during node launch. The subnets are sorted by the available IP address count in decreasing order.
```

**Examples**

```yaml
status:
  subnets:
  - id: subnet-0a462d98193ff9fac
    zone: us-east-2b
  - id: subnet-0322dfafd76a609b6
    zone: us-east-2c
  - id: subnet-0727ef01daf4ac9fe
    zone: us-east-2b
  - id: subnet-00c99aeafe2a70304
    zone: us-east-2a
  - id: subnet-023b232fd5eb0028e
    zone: us-east-2c
  - id: subnet-03941e7ad6afeaa72
    zone: us-east-2a
```

## status.securityGroups

> The status will contain the resolved Security Groups. The `id` are the Security Groups ID. The `status.securityGroups` contains resolved Security Group selector values utilized for node launch.

Reviewer 2: `status.securityGroups` contains the `id` of the security groups utilized during node launch.
